Now I have to be prepared in advance and was
sample
this is a feathered french i want to show
how to make very beautiful dunes you
sand a smooth transition from one color to
another one for that i will take not quite
thin enough thick brush and
I'll start drawing
yourself dark material so dark
turquoise color clear draw
big enough items for that
so that when lay down velvet sand
it was more beautiful this is one part
now we have to move smoothly over
light for this, I start a little bit
on the dark element that lies itself
on top
that is, we will smoothly move to
dark to light
now the light element has gone
further goes even brighter that is, we
drew half dark and on
Drew more light one
enters another
we must go as far as possible
smoother because borat on sand
absolutely transparent if you have
clear lines between flowers through velvet
and bitch you too will be noticeable
so now we discover rich in sand
and very very thick sprinkle completely
the whole picture falls asleep completely
the whole picture so that no coverage
left without sand throw off the remnants
not the right jar like this we see
I will dry
2 minutes when the thought of dried out we take
brush and brush off the remnants of sand
carefully nail surface here
it turned out like this
colorful pattern as if covered
hoarfrost look at this option can
be this option can be here
this option may also be all I want
I'll show you how beautiful it turns out
draw you this very petal mess
very thin now i will try to find
sample and so here you can very subtly
draw too with the help of velvet
sand that is the answer is very first
thin apply gel paint either
color gel and fall asleep velvety
by sand
such here
option